Ah uncle
Ricky is giving the trip no Tell me
what you don't let me sleep or anything [ __ ] I can
see you [ __ ] he's here awake
damn what are they calling me I say okay
Okay but don't make up that I've seen you with
this since I came in last I wanted to
tell you where you're spending the summer that he's
now on his cell phone [ __ ] I've been to
your land what a wonder man Well it's
not in each place anymore I can talk about this
place because I saw a video background that it's
a hotel that I love There you can
say or already or are you still in Córdoba yes yes yes no no
no I'm in the rusty one it was
true in the rusty one Yes but I'm mother
Ah okay it's it's luxurious I'm now in
Granada in Ah what was the name of the beach
This is that Granada has been a little but
well a tour of Andalusia no n
but I'm not hab a question you're
not going to upload this No I'm not
recording anything if I made this account
just to enter So that it wouldn't come out
well it's that before the spaces came out in
the timeline and so as not to fill the timeline
with pambi Well I preferred to make another
account no because  I say if you're wrong you're
going to edit it again to upload it
what did I edit you didn't edit the
debate and you put in the middle what the hell came out of your dick I mean I'm saying I'm going to upload it raw dude Javi what did I edit from our debate [ __ ] Well for now you put in there a brutal lie about that I had cut the live with Pablo running abruptly at the moment in which you
say to him what the [ __ ] is he saying and jumps well Javi
what's my turn I'm also going to 11 because I have an
appointment man it seems that Dalas is
hitting it off on WhatsApp and outside of
there what are you saying about the
contracts you can't know but if yes if
I stay 15 more minutes live
reading Twitter yes with everything that had
happened that night I was like you didn't have
6 hours left knowing you no let's see I
had a live program anes alceo
but I stayed for a quarter of an hour reading
Twitter Well it became quite obvious to me
that the other one was putting you on
fire and that you should leave if that's not like that
then Well that's what it seemed to me you  you put
a text you put a screen that says
Dallas is texting Javi
and the live show abruptly cuts off okay And
where are the messages and where is the
abrupt cut of the live show abrupt cut off at
the moment when you leave what
happens Javi but I mean I
abruptly cut off the live show after fifteen minutes
damn I think now I'm not here I'm here you
ask a girl I don't know
who she was we're here at 11 11:3 No well
that's it I'm leaving I think I had taken a
walk because it seems abrupt to me that's
the question a sign live that
says he's sending WhatsApp and I
uncomfortably and abruptly cut off the
live show and I'm telling you if I stayed for
fifteen minutes reading Twitter until
the time came that I had fallen with the
other one Well then I find myself on your
channel thumbnails that say rickyedit
breaks down remembering his ex's games Yes yes
but yes if my grandmother had
pants it would be my grandfather but what I'm
telling you well it depends on how it is
considered as politics is you
edit the debate  and you put one thing Well
one you put a few that are lies
because you do that that are lies Yes yes it
is a lie literally d he did not send you
WhatsApp when he left the contracts
no what goes well share screen
you show it chac cones that I share
screen with you from my WhatsApp but you
are stupid I mean to accuse me you
have to have proof that you
have seen it not because you feel like
it or that I have to show you
my conv did you think it was wrong that I
said what had happened no
basically you are telling me if it is a
lie Of course yes of course Oh and that is
why then in the thumbnails the
titles are Rick intimidates a girl
because she rejected him this What is Jai I mean okay okay so if
you lie it is
okay because he is used to doing it
but if I do it it is wrong or what how he did it do
you recognize that I do not know if d he
told you no but it is very evident
seeing the clip no no but the evidence
is the same I mean I do not know if he did it
but it is very evident that it happens Of course
yes but how It is evident that it
happens obviously t you make it up But you  they
were saying even you on your networks and
in your vde comments you make up
messages that don't exist because you didn't
answer me aa that it's a little
double-faced the double standard of I
make up whatever I want that
also [ __ ] we came to an agreement
we came to an agreement not to lie with
the thumbnails the titles this we stayed
goes through the for Rick when you
want to throw me a lie you
take it and shove it in my face and I and
I will defend it or not but right now I
'm defending you
your lies okay Javi I think nothing started
putting fire at you from behind so you would
leave the live yes I think that
happened okay do you think that happened it's not
the same as you putting up a sign
saying abruptly cut off the live
in your face it bothers man it bothers me
that you lie of course and I uploaded it Javi What do you
want me to say what do you want me to
say if it bothers you if you're a filthy filthy
I'm not What does it matter but Ah so you
recognize that you upload edited things and
but it seems ethical to you  or not to make
a girl sign a confidentiality agreement
just
turned out to be someone close to you
yes or no no no no Tell me yes or no there is no
answer it's very easy Javi yes or
no do you want us to go back to that too there is
no answer and you're going to start
saying nonsense like you did on
Twitter and with elate go to sleep Javi go
to the family there worried that won't stop
being with him there is no answer you
start joking around with nonsense like a
little kid no I mean because then you
also said he deleted the live
running you didn't put it up for members so that
people would pay so that they wouldn't
see what had happened so that
people would pay 90 cents with 4000
members that I have Ricky that's hiding
a live to me what do I care what
people pay on Twitch you threw it away but
on Twitch I don't upload any V because that is
uploaded that is uploaded automatically Javi
and I had it deactivated as soon as we
finished the debate that you were also
broadcasting there Don't lie Don't lie
that's  automatically uploads if you
have it configured to upload
Now you're an expert on TT that you had me
asking what the bit rate was, they did
n't have to me I'll clarify it because I want
you but if you go to the
video tab and there's no live Why are you
making up that I deleted it As
simple as that I deleted it you
got angry no Javi you got angry or
not but where is the pi Ricky You
can't you're throwing this in my face
that on September 4th at 1:45 in the
morning being on vacation with
people well And if I call you at 12 in the
morning it's also worth it or not it's worth it I would
probably be sleeping I'm from acoba
But what is your answer I mean say yes
I lied I heard the debates to
look good when it looked bad I put on that
poster Well I put it all because I
told him so I didn't put it to honor the
truth what I thought just happened
and it's quite obvious that it happens Ah
but no no no what you think you
affirm it ji me  can you ask me
can you explain to me how the hell do I check
what Daras told you on WhatsApp
then why do you post it if not It
's obvious that it happened It's obvious
that it happened those are your videos
claiming that you believe as if they were
true it happens to you like Dani You love to
project late at night But
which what is it are t videos signing things
that you don't know that you started to
investigate well anyway tell me but what What
is the projection Ricky Don't get
nervous what is the
projection start debate honey you're too
old for this I have to tell you the
truth But why don't you answer like
an adult yes I'll answer you
whatever you want but you have to know
that Twitter is too big for you or you have to
know But why don't you answer the the the
Yeah okay okay Now we move on to what doesn't
hurt you tell me tell me I edited edited edited the
debate to look good to the kids
who follow me because they put the
creep of my life what do you want me to
say that Ah Let's see admit it don't
tell me it's not that but if it's that in the
debate they eat you a [ __ ] that you can't handle it let's
see you've
screwed In what at what point Ricky At what
point But have you seen the comments
of the debate on both channels Of course if they
are putting doggy emojis on me that is
a tremendous [ __ ] According to your audience
I have not sent that eh I have not
sent that no no but according to you I mean
for you a [ __ ] that they give you more
likes and a ratio that a ratio what explains it to me
a ratio that you have more
likes than the other no well well for it is
very good to know this information
eh No no for me it is a victory I think
that is funny because it is true
that the numbers reflect Where is the
interest of the audience if one of the
parties of the debate the one that takes the
numbers Generally for the one that has been
right you are stupid Rick are you
seriously telling me that the Hey about
insulting there are people younger than you with
more respect Ha these girls to look at eh
but listen to me you are telling me the
truth no if you call me stupid again I will
have Sorry sorry repeat that the likes prove
you right no O
be who has more like and more that this gentleman is listening to me when I said he agrees with me You just said it right now when Javir when tell me you have to regulate the sonot who gives more like who has more interest I did not say that if in a
debate in which both parties upload it
the part that gets more repercussion or
more visits because people have more
interest in seeing it there therefore
they will agree more with what
that part defends I do not say then you
are saying that the numbers prove you
right Ricky [ __ ] Javi Well you
understand a little what you want but
you think like that you think the numbers
prove you right So tell me at what point have
you put some [ __ ] because I
saw you make a fool of yourself where you make a fool of yourself
where you see yourself making a fool of yourself in saying that
a confidentiality agreement you cannot
tell your AB I think man I think
that being a Family Man and saying
that it seems ethical to you that a 30
year old kid makes him sign a
confidentiality agreement without making sure that it has been
read correctly to girls
with 18  I received compliments it leaves you
much worse off than me in 10 minutes
whoora and that a
confidentiality agreement but don't cancel it is
quite grim on your part all of the
others When I'm talking to you now it
bothers grandpa tell me he doesn't respect you know
ron you don't know how to answer ron realize
the nonsense that you are saying that a
confidentiality agreement cannot be
told to your lawyer eh when
said that in the debate Yes and you have been
selling it as if they abuse
a girl of a girl or whatever it cannot be
told I have not said if they abuse
I have said if the person does not
agree with having that because they do not know if they
abuse or do whatever you said in the
debate that they cannot tell the
lawyer because it is confidentiality
boo and then his lawyer said that you
had also read it therefore he
should have read the clause to you What
clause is there a clause that says that you
cannot tell your lawyer
let me open it come on Open it So you
continue to maintain it you are denying it to me and
now you maintain it Okay then  you
maintain that a
confidentiality agreement is confidential,
of course you can't even tell it to your
lawyer, I won't read it if you want to contact me, go
ahead. No, in fact, what the hell is your tweet?
You don't have it in front of you, you haven't
looked at that, stop
putting memories in your head. So when
you said that you didn't know if the contracts
existed in the debate, knowing this, I do
n't know what
existed, then now did you know or not that
the counter contracts existed when
we had the debate? I ask you what I do
n't know how many there are. To whom things? I
ask you if you know of the existence of
any contract and you tell me I don't know
but if that exists, then Pablo
goes off on his word saying, you've read it, the
fact that two people signed, you're making up
that I'm telling you that confidentiality agreements don't exist.
2017 laa, yeah, yeah, but from
what I know, they haven't mentioned it with the
other one with the short leash, they haven't
mentioned it until the news came out
because everyone posted it on Twitter, you
're making up something that's in the
press and something that we've commented on
that there's even a trial  on that topic and
precisely in the debate in which
we talked about that, there was no mention of an article in 2017
in which the contract is mentioned. You
could have told me why you don't reveal it
if it is in b populi or where this was in
the confidential one since 2017 because, well
Rick, come on, don't divert the point. That's what I said. I'd
better shut up with me. Better
clause, tell me the clause that says that
your lawyer cannot subscribe,
subscribe to confidential information, it
completes you. I know that you like my diction. At
any time, the disclosing party
may reveal confidential information to
the receiving party. The disclosing party is the
person who tells it.
Generally, Dalas, which is the other party
because there are only those two, apart from the
information that is not an active
personal party, it is the information in the form of
all the things that Put the
receiving party must 2 point 1. to reserve
all confidential information
strictly confidential using a
high degree of security no less than the
degree of security used to keep its
own confidential information 21b or
2.1 point B limit the disclosure of
any confidential information between
both parties and never to others  people
beyond the one included in this agreement
that are only Dallas who signs only to
reveal certain confidential information
with written permission from the
disclosing party Dallas with the purpose of
causing a positive impact on a third party. Be careful
that if it is spoken about, it is spoken well
and never negatively about the
disclosing party, previously agreeing on the
means and ways to do so. That is, I
reviewed the script and the format
before uploading it and you understand that this
means that you cannot tell your
lawyer if they commit a crime against you. It
says here that you cannot tell anyone who is
not haala and you understand that
if they commit a crime against you. To your
lawyer either because saying that they commit
a crime against you. You don't just
want to get rid of it because
this contract seems like a [ __ ] aberration to you when
saying that. Oh, what a stop, I mean,
at least withdraw what you told me in the
debate that if Dallas abused this
girl, eh, I couldn't report him. I don't
remember saying that directly, but
if I said it, yes, it is wrong. If I said that if he
abused you, he can't, Ricky
goes on to recognize  recognizing okay or so now
then what's the point now that you can't
tell the lawyer that the
thing is with Dallas that if a person
wants to withdraw from the contract because they
signed it without reading it they can't tell
anyone because telling that the contract
exists lawyer either neither telling
that the contract exists to someone other than
Adas would mean paying them 50,000 bucks I
have it in front of me Look no matter how important
Adas is to you and to your life okay
justice is here for this jallet you
've won it with balls I have to
tell you this jallet you've won it with
balls tomorrow she's inviting you to the house
before the nervous laughter is done you've
completed what I just did stop making you
nervous this father family at 2 in the
morning on vacation talking to R on
the phone nervous you were
taking your relative from Andorra to
do a series of reports that they had
put the figures on you and say that it was a
rape okay let's get into
personal things Because if you want us to get into personal things let's get into it
this week little things are going to come out this
week little things come out Yes  you want us to
go in yeah yeah tell me tell me what little things
come up I love it we're talking about the
contract or what we're talking about but
no I'm not interested in the personal more jav I'm
interested in the personal what comes out that s this
week that I'm laughing my ass off that you already found out
Ah okay okay another little thing v v
when you don't have an answer when you look
bad it comes out with the father that you the one you've
talked about other little things I've asked you
What are they there are no other little things a
very clear question I'm telling you do you
really think that a person
can't consult a contract that they have
signed with their lawyer say that and that
rity is requested if they can later claim That
clause you are skipping because you
are Sharing it with a third party who
is not dal and he has not confirmed that you
can tell your lawyer yes it is jump
let's go that you think that
a lawyer cannot tell you but how many
times do you want me to tell you that no no so that you
make it very clear here to yoar clear clear
no that reminds me of the debate
of da las with the one who was supposed to be
my fan repeating things with the  that
she doesn't agree so she can
say them out of her own mouth that doesn't come out well
reminds me of this a clause prevents
you from showing the contract to a
lawyer no if you don't agree and you
want to say that you have the
signed contract Yes because it is a third party that is not
within dala or the person
who signs it I can't do anything for you
are telling me that I have some kind
of delay today no no I am telling you
that you are slow to understand I delay it
capaca for your part the truth I hope you
don't have any close case I am
saying that it is delayed you are
adding it short t means it means you are
short and rooms with the ableism
Short sign is like calling
a kid who is chasing a
coin chasing a tail a [ __ ]
or Prim short you are a coward and you are a
coward for whatever reason I am not the one who
has not gone to the police station to ask about
a complaint saying that I was going to do it
two weeks ago But oh well What is a
complaint that you have invented what are you going to
carry the lie until the end of
days when the years go by,
the years go by, the kids go to you
asking about the complaint that you
made up what are you going to say [ __ ] give me the
grace If that happens you won't be able to keep
eating with the complaint that you
made up I'm going to eat [ __ ] how much time
has buddy PR paid more attention to
the complaint than me but V to admit
that you made it up already or not yet no you
said that the restraining order
was in a higher instance
correct the same thing I told you in the
debate what happened which in the FBI in
the CNI In which one In the one that seems best to you
if to No it seems to me that you
made it up but let's basically
ask why you are interested Why do you
want to know no but basically
because you are a liar be the same as it is that it
is very gratuitous I have to say that
is very gratuitous you started to say
that you had reported when the
threats were prescribed churra the
threats expire after a year clo what
happens is that if hpa Listen to you that you tune your hearing aid
you would see that the
complaint was not filed for threats the
threats They were aggravating circumstances for which
the case went further I told you
personally but since you  you
find out what you have you told me that it was a complaint for honor at the police station And what happens, complaints
for honor are not made at the police station Ricky, it is not made at the police station, go where are they made Where are they made where do you live Jai me in Spain Ah in Spain and in Andorra the same law as in Spain in
Andorra it is different According to your lawyer in Andorra there is no law I don't know either you want to go around that way You want to go around that way because in Andorra there is no jurisdiction that goes around in Andorra that private crimes are reported to a police station not in case of lime I can
ask you who the contracts were
that you saw Pablo and you the ones that mention
that clip I can ask you but
listen to me finish and I'll hear you I'll
hear you but no because you're calling me
where you want no me you're not
answering me to anything dude I answer everything I'm
not a lie You're a liar you
're not a man you're not a man of your
word what are you not a man with the
high dude like a little kid I'll
answer you  to everything you want but I
'll answer the questions you don't change the
subject you're not a man of your word at
the police station in Andorra they file
complaints for civil honor I went to
a police station to say Hey there's a guy who's
calling me an abuser and he's
linking me to
gender violence based on assumptions that he
thinks I'm abusing or that I'm mistreating
him But what complaint did you
file Ricky of What is the complaint of
what's it worth Pass me your law
or police degree look at me judicial I don't know
what the [ __ ] I'm telling a father
from Seville it's going to bore a night of
family vacation you know a brat a
brat from Cordoba who makes
things up and dictates debates when it
looks bad he's trying to trick me into
starting that and you haven't told me anything
about what was edited you haven't
told me yet we started do you remember
with that of e In what was the debate edited and
I said no because you started say
suppose I don't know what Yes but if I have  said
a few points what you have
edited Which which is okay I'm not changing the
subject the complaint Ah okay well you
told me what are you telling me that a
complaint for honor is filed at the
police station Tell me you are
used to the complaint Javi I
tell you no But say yes let's go
look at it and you have gone to the police station in
Andorra in Andorra you are telling me
that it is a complaint Talk to the owner and have him
come and look at it okay so in
Andorra a complaint for honor is filed at
the police station not honor I am going to report
that he is calling me an abuser man I
have very little experience in
reporting because I have never needed to have to
file it and when I file the
first one you have a guy who has been
asking me for a few years
was this criminal this was c man I went to
report that they were calling me something
that was not And what complaint did you file you have it I
don't have it okay And what crime is it
what crime is it I report what he
is calling me its contents Javi
But then What is a complaint  what
as of today or when I filed a
threat of honor of what it is that I don't know
what the term is with which
the complaint is defined, you don't even know what she has
filed a complaint, I mean, I don't know if you file
a complaint because they steal from you, because they
threaten you, because they slander you, yes Javi
Because they steal my heart, that's why yes, you don't
know He has no [ __ ] idea, no [ __ ]
idea No, I'm telling you that these issues I'm
super little involved, with having her, he's
calm that the other one doesn't come up, I'm
more listen to me about already, to finish what you
told Dalas that
Dallas copied his ex-girlfriend's
WhatsApp conversations, okay, you
've informed yourself of that either, what you You have
said that Dalas did worse than you
because I shared Antonia's testimony yesterday
in which she says that she took his
cell phone while she was already in the pool, she
downloaded WhatsApp web on her laptop
and started a month of conversations, yes you
compare it With what? Oh well, him
calling me an abuser for looking at a phone
seems a little heavier to me  you're
reading months of conversations between
your ex-partner and his mother but you know that
aas reported him no, that's not why And you
also know that the judge doesn't see what the
hell WhatsApp web was Oh okay So
what you're trying to tell me now is that
the judges made a mistake reporting
a case through a specific social network and
the judge tells you I don't know what that is
Therefore I can't prove that what you
're telling me is true because I don't know
how it works does it seem to you that the
resolution, well they're going to take it out, well let them take it
out but what can you tell me
But you claim you claim that the judge was
wrong I don't know I don't know the
testimony heard from Maria but you
just told me that the judge was
wrong Ricky you're going to say [ __ ] Javi
man but it's that he manipulates man Go
now screw the kids
on the internet because this is too big for you
man I mean it's not the judges
who lose the trials since you have
your script written by the other lunatic you'll let it
go And if I say  something that doesn't sound
right to you repeat it again say it stop with this
nonsense about scripts or things that I
had no [ __ ] idea about half an hour ago I was going
to debate with you not half an hour you have been
listening for a while that I saw you that you
know what happens is that it is not
edited here Ricky that's what happens to you that you are
worth nothing more when you are
edited I repeat to you you compare
a situation of yours in 2023 with an
age okay that is we will go But you who
are assuring me that the huza was wrong
Then I can assure you that when
Mike woki scratches his chin I don't know if it
's the balls element that potato and little
boy things because they are
lying and with two balls no how
old were you I am asking you a
question and you are jumping on me with mona you do not
have some balls Javi that
I really admire you man that I hope your age
reaches with that little shame I tell you the
truth But How little shame these are
my assumptions I will be
inventing them do not you  worry but I
hope I arrive at your age with that little
shame And that I hope you I'm serious I'm
serious look cute skip the insults
now that I'm [ __ ] come insult and
jump on me with Disney I'll
ask you again you are one thing that you have stated
you assure that the judge was wrong and that's why it
gives wing wing wing wing But and this
now that I was in court if you
act like that you can say that I was in
court someone would believe it you are
interested in that you divert the topic that I divert
But if you are making things up that I
am confirming that a judge said I have
heard myself say that the judge did not
know what the [ __ ] WhatsApp web was that is that
I confirmed that the judge knew I do not
know I agree it is what she says you do not
know I do not know what she says which is that she did
not know what WhatsApp web was
but you do not know that it makes you want no yes yes I
know Ah okay Then why Por pon
also won a case in which he passed
photos of a 13 year old girl's naked torso  years
and the proven fact comes out, look at the mantras
and just like the trials Oh the
mantras were about time no no they were about time they were about
time no that the ech is saying
that you know more than justice Puma
with two balls guts
points that the Ju this guy makes it
all up Hey but this What is it Okay then
you're telling me that
the heses have made a mistake Or what is it that you
're trying to understand Tell me because
if I start looking at it very closely or really pay
attention I don't know
what color mirrors are you
could tell me I ask you Jai you
would know how to tell me you would know how to tell me
man what I do is respect the
sentence Ricky And what sentence is there
about the color of a mirror come on you go
when nob sab prun seriously you know color it
's not that what happens is that with you It
's always the same something that you
both agree on for the [ __ ] who's
making you up Twitter when you don't
know how to answer you put a puppy p
feeder you go that shoots Javi You can't go on
lying because that  This is what
you This is what you intend to
debate with Dallas live start
telling you the nonsense of the mirror well
to start with I would have to accept
the call So don't swing don't
swing because he doesn't accept it What are you going to
do the same no well we'll see no let's
see if he accepts it we'll see we'll see you know you're
saying that if he won the trials
which is not worth it we'll see what happens if he
accepts it okay we'll see we'll see we'll
see So what is comparable to his and
the conversations with yours
totally in fact his for me it is
quite worse eh but you admitted to a
crime he wins it I am already convicted
no no I am telling you what you
admitted to and reported for that crime
I am reported for that crime he is not going
to report you he has reported me it has not
reached me s Yes I acknowledged that I looked at the
phone just as he acknowledged that he looked at the
laptop with his WhatsApp open What's
going on What's going on What's going on What are you comparing there
Tell me, I lost it he found it Ah he
found it Yes that's what the ruling says
very cool host listen to him he told it
found he opened the laptop and
found conversations of and cer
instant what it says then
can you physically explain to me
your perception you read months of conversation between two
people opening and closing a laptop
r study You go high and d I do not
agree with this ruling that I do it
better Javi and that is why it only works by
editing the title thumbnail and the
videos is telling me that you know
better Hello a little
more interesting person what you
are telling me all this because it does
not interest you because you make a fool of yourself
and because the judge is not right and whatever
you want Tell me No it is not you who
is saying that no that no that no that it does not matter
that you have mirrors you have not said
anything but you have not said anything about the mirrors fatso
subscribe the [ __ ] that
inventing s man who does not recognize the
open xenophobia that you do you freak out
and you stand here to turn it around saying that it
is a joke with an emoji that
Argentina is a shitty country that I
know that the other day of yours Where does it come from
fatso it comes out that I p [ __ ] in
justice and you put an edit  man
justice That's why your country is [ __ ] come
to Spain come on that's a
cut Ed if it's an edit you don't even know
where the clip comes from that video It's in its
entirety on my channel Ricky run look for it
without looking and you put an edit of the
cotidian forum to give it to you What's
cut it's edited kid I'm
saying that your country is [ __ ] get scared do
n't let it bother you let it bother you
nothing happens if you listen to me okay with that
clip you're calm man
very calm what channel if you're
calm and I'm calm don't freak out damn it's the
same now Ah well don't take
an Ed out on me noo ch a they seem ugly to me if you're going to
call me xenophobic man it's that if you
put a xenophobic tweet I'll call you xenophobic r
Which which is xenophobic all the tweets that they have
put to you which quack quack tell me one tell me one tell me one tell me one Javi Ja
Jai ​​Javi
tell me one tell me one Javi tell me one the one that I
put to you which the  from Mexico in
Mexico they just say that in that one I
sent you what is the
justification you have given damn the
context is what is important that is not an
open guy that I put saying go ahead take it up the
ass he messes with the Mexicans Read me read
it to me yours go on and let's see cuz
pass it to me again because they
removed it from here man Ah it's not here it's here it's
here Read it if you have looked for it
you have it in the search engine No dude
because they are not Ah yes yes s absolutely right man I
thought it spent more time on
Twitter he was a liar man but I can
read or is he going to be insulting me for
orient it offends you I mean according to you Jai are you
old enough to understand words can I
read or are you interrupting me I'm telling you
seriously come on tell me who is there that she is
delicate and speaking to me in the feminine
has offended you too no no yes I
console myself excuse me eh How do you speak feminine
Maybe we have to see clips about
trans And that thing of yours from the past let's
read Of course yes I see that for you
the clips of the  past when you're
interested
you talk to me in the feminine you don't like us
talking about trans clips in the
past no you don't like that Ricky the other
day you were telling me that the clips from
two years ago weren't worth it to you because you
changed your mind no me no that if we have been
talking in a debate with
recent things that got my [ __ ] from
when I did what that thread read that
thread that is from 2024 don't you realize that
what he's trying to do is
puppet man you're all the time pu back and forth
that thread that thread from
2024 and tell me it's not xenophobia what thread
if this from August if this from last month
You have all the appearance and it's not a thread it's
a conversation but oh well it doesn't matter
thing of You have all the appearance that you
would accept to discuss I tell this
person that he is a person who is not even the one
to whom I then respond those from Mexico
all the appearance that you would accept to discuss
with a 30 year old man who has told you
and repeated that he wants to kill you yes yes fit
the profile and another responds how incredible  is that
you think that someone would put
their freedom at risk, which is already
confirmed. In the debate that he had with the
fan yesterday for committing a certain
crime for someone as insignificant
as you, which apparently I am not because he has been
calling me well he says that I have been his
stalker for 10 years and he does
affirm his word in terms of taking the
lives of all those who he considers stalkers with his own hands,
you
agree with that Javier, but I am going to
comment on your tweet, I am not okay. Let's
not respond okay okay no no I
ask, I ask because I'm
curious that you also did not make it very clear
about the threats in the debate. But it's
okay if you don't want to respond, we
respect that. I have not told you if I
think it is my fault or not and you think what he said is good or bad, okay,
great, well, I am
more calm, I was worried,
right? I say that they are prescribed that you
have not reported That I do tell you to your
face okay unless of course Those
horns that you carry are so gigantic
that they are a world rarity okay
Explain to me What is the point of this thing with
the  world rarity with
putting the freedom of dala at risk for
committing a crime against me what does that have to do
with one thing no no
Explain to me what it has to do with
telling him what it is I'm going to explain it to you I'm going to
explain it to you but explain to me what the
point of this tweet is to justify
my response what the point is of saying
ask the person who puts it to me
Explain to me this person who puts it to me doesn't give a
damn by telling him with Look man
with me knowing that if I say Mexico he's going to be
pissed off because you never know
why it offends him that I say Mexico a
two balls xenophobia of course you're
telling him finished AC But why doesn't
Javi have the balls and why is it
pejorative to call a guy Mexican
why do you do it in a pejorative way
because in what way could it be pejorative
free to tell someone that he is
shorter for being from Mexico But why, on the
other hand, something that is objectively, does it
seem to you that people from Mexico are
shorter? Yeah, it doesn't seem to you
you didn't just say it I'm saying that the
louer comments always come from there because I
kept receiving threatening insults
arento that's not xenophobia you know xen
man and the worst thing is that he's
normalizing it this guy has terrible hearing he
asks me something I start to explain it to him
and he puts the barker on top of me like he knows
that I understand to continue defending you
[ __ ] what the other one is asking for in
private call me dog and insult me
but that you are xenophobic okay but
Argentina how are you I have to
recognize it man Argentina how are you
then Argentina how are you explain to me
why you tell him that all of
Tonto's comments are from Mexico come on that's why
not the louer comments do you
know what louer means or I'll
translate it for you yes they come to be shorter
more stupid more ler that they make less
sense that they are more absurd yes they are com
clear the comment that this guy made to me
is a Lou tier comment he
compared some horns with putting the
Maybe kid Maybe kid is an
[ __ ] But why  you have to
say that he is from Mexico because I don't know anything
more than just his [ __ ] location just like I
could have put your
name is Terry like I have made 10 million
all the comments that come
shorter are from Mexico but not xenophobia
but the thing is you are doing
gymnastics here you are lengthening a subject dude
Well look just kidding how much does he give you for
this can I ask subb how much does he
give you for this space why the [ __ ]
sacrifice a vacation time
rest with the family no I'm not asking you
Seriously how much does he give you he gives me that I'm
going to monetize it now I'm going to
upload exo Yeah yeah it's great sa Yeah
the same people are going to see that
but I'm asking you the other one Right now
how happy is he with you he's
doing this Tell me does it seem like
a serious question to you ri That is the way out
that you have it would be no but seeing the type
of arguments that he throws in my face I think it
is very much at the level of what you can
respond by saying that he tells a
kid that all the
stupid comments come from Mexico because that is the
only thing you know about him dude get out Better say Well look I
have a dark sense of humor  I pick on
Latinos because I have that joke in
my community for example, do you think it's humor to
say that a comment seems humor to you,
that doesn't seem funny to me at all? Oh
okay okay No, because he justified it
with dark humor, I who knew I
agreed, I say that you would justify yourself better
at least by saying at least there you are,
but the thing is that I don't do that type of
humor Javier, no, no, you do it seriously,
you do it with xenophobia, well, anyway, one
question, xenophobia or racism is it,
tell me, man, because it goes around and a
thanks, mentally, no. At the end of the day, mantra,
if you ask me, mantra, mantra, will you
put a puppy emoji for your
children and at the end of the day, they suffer a lot, we
all know this, yes, no, they
suffer a lot. Look, the people who
follow you too much have to not step out of
line when they color, that's something else I ca
n't tell you, I'm trying to
call a community like that stupid for
free when you see the grandmothers of
that community, things I haven't
called him stupid. Ah, it's me who made things up, it's
you, not your community  you understand me or
rather and where have I called him stupid to say
that I'm trying to talk to call
a community like that stupid for
free when the grandfather of that community
something I haven't called stupid Ah I'm the one who
invented Ah your community you
understand me or rather where have I called him
stupid to say that they are stupid little children
how difficult it is for us to draw a
line I don't know what he said Yes yes what
little children come to do those who
follow you but yes I have put a
few screenshots this afternoon
literally that you can't listen to me and your
whole vacation what the [ __ ] are they what vacation
ricki the [ __ ] have you been Because
you're not from Córdoba you've been In
Córdoba you've been in Granada have you
told me what it is that you do your day to day life
there this is personal curiosity not
explanations it makes me curious because the
[ __ ] since you said Oh he's been posting cura all day
and you of your followers I don't know what
quillot you haven't gone on a family trip from there
explanations I don't know it seems
very very ridiculous to me javir Ah and don't you think it's
ridiculous that you spend your vacation
making a photocopy of dalala  what
vacation if it was one day Ah okay okay okay
Sorry I didn't know that I've been
spending my entire vacation doing
So I'm poor because I printed in
black and white that topic also
interested me no Ricky eh I'm not on
vacation at what time am I on
vacation at the time when I'm
with the family in Córdoba Granada he
told me that he's on the beach it's forbidden for
me to work that you work not that you
dedicate your whole day to uploading videos of
talking to other people when you're with
family it's quite sad Come on as a
person And as a father of a family TR now
throw you the person who is you stung t s being on vacation the only time you've gone on vacation you dedicate yourself I've gone two I've gone two I arrived yesterday from the last time I've gone two I this is like the fifth trip I've made in the month and it's not on
vacation congratulations congratulations already They'll
give me the grace there's no stationery store
around here if I hadn't printed your twi
what's the point but that's all
you have to tell me that those
videos being on a trip all I have to tell you
is that I don't upload to
debate with me you wanted to talk
to me No, but I've brought out a
few lies here come out with nonsense and
ch And that's what you have to say
listen to me Give me the date the one I uploaded for
the police station go tell me the date I go I
go if I go I ask you give it to
me Damn but Come with me out of curiosity
eh only they're only going to give it to him they're only
going to give it to him if he is notified if he
identifies himself you send it because I think
you made it up that I sent it to you through
Jai Tell me who you are Tell me who you
are my mom But tell me who you are I
'm asking you if you would
give it to me Why why to you to you why
Why to you and not to pin deica I
'm forcing you go up and pick it up let me
send it to you and publish the photocopy you want that it
matters to me if he goes up to pick it up would you
show it to me no before he
comes to pick it up and identifies himself no what's up
but but who are you for Jai no no  I
'm asking you, I'm not
forcing you, they're going to end, yes, yes, you don't mind
passing me, I'm telling you. I wanted to ask you
about the procedure or about the complaint that you've
filed, what are you
telling me? Yes, you can ask me, I'll tell you yes or no. Of
course, you want something, yes, and if you tell me no. Why should I say no? Let's see, the question is,
but why would you say no to not
passing me a complaint, Javir,
but let's see, the question is, no, the question
is whatever I want because now it's my turn.
My question, why wouldn't you pass me a
complaint in which you tell me no, I won't
pass this to you, why? If you ask me
something that you don't believe, Yes, you can
ask me, I'm free to
tell you or not, surely, but not that one,
turn it around. You're very good at asking it
and if you tell me no, I won't pass this to you
because that would be in your specific case, this
complaint, because you're making it up, but let's
explain it to you with a
little apple. Okay, then I'll ask you
more directly, Javi. Right now, do you have
a complaint filed? Yes, I'm
asking you, curious, a lot, okay. And of the ones
you have filed, me  do you make a
compilation send them to me by email the
complaint that you have out the one you
ask for I'll send it to you No no not everything that has a
spear I'm interested in seeing it all in general
How many does he have [ __ ] what How many have you
reported damn well a few
more or less more than 10 more than 20 Well no
man more than 10 is not worth 6 or five okay
Okay five which are five files
that he will have digitally I will send them to you
and you send me yours one one
But why I don't know because I'm
curious because I think you
made it up But the thing is I want him to
pick it up dude no no but I'm not
sending it to him but what the [ __ ] man if I
pass it to you if I pass it to you it's going to
go through him right now I don't know
with you a confidentiality agreement I ca
n't show it to him or a lawyer who didn't
catch you from New no no but seriously
if you come to pick it up I'll tell you to
stick the T the three super kids deene
the lawyer yud and Come ask the
one  he identifies himself, they're going to give it to him,
if they're going to give it to him, okay. Well, we
'll see, let's see if that's how it is. Let's
see if that's how it is. Yes, yes, let's see if it's been two weeks
this week, I'm uploading. I
'm telling you, okay, that's it, you spend
a year laughing at that threat. What a
year. Why doesn't it upload tomorrow? What a year? I have
the cli Ricky, what clii why doesn't it
upload in the morning and finally deny it tomorrow
that it was all a lie, I don't know what
if you're so sure that you lied why does
n't it upload tomorrow, but you're talking
to me, yes, but you have
direct contact, he'll be bombarding you on
WhatsApp why doesn't it upload? Yes, man, of course,
and according to you, cuts directly at the moment,
but those are your lies. Yes, yes. Well,
however you want to see it, Jai, those are your
inventions that you have to upload the
edited debates when you look bad, it's a little
sign, and well, what else tell me, no, I
'm telling you that I think it's a
lie and that it was prescribed because you
already told you the other day because for you, you
report it for threats, no, and  There's been
a year at the police station you laugh at those
messages and I have all the clicks of
how For a year you laugh at nothing a
year when the other was laughing at
you when I'm in a bad moment laughing at
me Javi calling me an abuser is
laughing at me Ah with things with
property that the owner gets angry But
don't lie to my face but why
that tone And why man why do you say
this guy laughs at you then says you're
an abuser and doing is doing
gender violence for the day that's not that is not
laughing that's a
direct attack look but I'm not
referring to you calling yourself an abuser
I'm referring to you taking
Ah well then I ask you that you
have a better relationship with him did you
think it was right for him to call me an
abuser eh I wouldn't have called you an
abuser Ah okay thanks That's it makes me
calmer I have more left yes that it
acts as a crime that what you
want but you recognized that if he
reports you Ali  where do you think it would go
for gender violence if he did it
or if he had done it it would be for
gender violence correct but since he did
n't do it It didn't get anywhere and those
were assumptions when
the first and most virgin version of
the whole thing was known that the abuser is
quite
serious that according to the tutorial that is
perfect but in the debate you told me
a new one about the cell phone issue go in the
debate you told me that you went to look at an
audio yes I heard an audio host
but about the audio I have been in
Elo since last year to success man Oh okay okay No no it's that
the other time you said that they
were some messages ok in a
conversation a
WhatsApp conversation Generally you can also
send audio I don't know if you know it gives you the
option in one of the versions there were
several conversations with var who did not
want to talk about private life also
this was curious too but yes yes no
no if it is not private life it is no no
my relationship with my ex-partner is not my private
life what goes if he makes a series
No yes a series no be less ashamed
series so much Of course but well in another
version You  you said they were messages and
various conversations and in another
Maybe there is even I know what let's say
a gif could have been Maybe for example
in a WhatsApp conversation maybe
the version that
who knows by who knows look but
well I do not agree with them
calling you mistreated or at least
saying it to your face I asked myself on another
occasion yes no but it was quite evident
that when you referred to d serr of
you for having called me the trads uncle who
mistreated you not laughing at you just like the
other day when I saw one of co By the way Elo
many thanks V you how I changed the
words I did not said r
of no but said and when Dalas
started laughing at you you reported it no
when Dalas called me badly Dalas
started laughing at
I have the problem you reported it when
Dallas started laughing at you that you having
the big problem that you had
took you at the same time make a taser a
triler I took the relative yes I
took the relative I Ricky do not
interrupt and do not  turn around what are you
going to tell me no, she came because
you know my private life better than I'm going to no, no, let's
see come on okay the
literal words she got on the bus you didn't
pick her up she got on to
record okay okay And with what you had
in the air the most important thing at that
moment for you er come on man des
lie a channel with 11 million
people that is calling you an
abuser that says that you abuse your
partner I think it's quite important
Javi okay okay okay Not everyone has
their priorities totally totally
these are opinions that everyone
thinks this but but I appreciate that you
say I didn't have LL abuser because
man I think I think it's quite Hardcore
the other day a tweet on your account that the
personal you have to say made me laugh
because I understand that the environment of a
person who thinks that everything is a lie
that the complaint doesn't exist and blah blah
blah the fact that giving the V in Andorra
is like Yes Ricky thinks that they are going to
receive him with tanks and I don't know what you put
a photo of the GTA that I  it was funny but
it said e This is like imagining Ricky I don't
remember the text well but like what he is
going to find for having
insulted red and
everyone was responding to you Sorry
but having insulted him does not mean I am
going to break your legs I am going to tear your
limbs out I think it is quite a lot
When you make posts they are quite a lot
like when they are from Dalas dasas did
not insult me ​​dasas threatened me that is
what you are trying to tell me with that I mean I
put a meme laughing at the
situation Yes but but in that meme you are
lying Javi rcky and you For a year I
was laughing at those threats but in
that month you lie to me and I think it is
quite evident that you are lying
unbalanced to the field you lie [ __ ] you
have lied to me here 18 times what is it that you
throw in my face that I am lying or that
you are not lying come to me what have I lied to you about
in that tweet you say that dasas
insults me dasas threatens me with death and does not
insult you he threatens me with death for  what is
supposed to happen according to you is that
if he comes it is not for an
insult obviously insult he does it every
day publicly Do you think that
when I post a GTA meme
really when they step on Dor they are going to
wait for him it depends on who I post
the meme for I mean you think that I post the
meme thinking that the helicopters are going to wait for him
yes Jai Surely yes and I
called him too let's see what I've seen
is that you For a year you've been
laughing like you didn't care about those
messages You started to care about the year
what is the point No no I can imagine no I
mean no no well let's see if we stop
imagining that it's late if not t the time
okay okay okay then you say that
when pemp that when Andorra starts what is
going to happen to him I didn't
say that No I haven't talked about that no because
what I want is for him to step on Andorra Ah okay
eh but for something specific or to
file the complaint only for something
specific okay And you're insinuating like they
were going to arrest him or something like that
No  what when have I said that no no I
'm asking you no no What have you
told me are you insinuating No no I'm
insinuating that's not insinuating that no no but
the fact of going to pick up a complaint
many times doesn't mean that the complaint
of going to your house you know well well they are
going to arrest you believe this asking
you what is the no you have not affirmed
said they are going to arrest that's why I say You
believe I'm asking you I'm not
affirming I don't know what's going to happen
who is class state okay I
can imagine jav I can
imagine I mean you think Dallas because of
that discord conversation if he is going to
pick up the complaint he is going to stay in
Andorra no I haven't said that So
what is it that he says ri say it clearly I haven't
said anything I haven't said anything because I
want it is I check it I can pick it up
by the way Well I'm bored
asked we change that also I'm going to
talk about more things since it's here
Damn That at the end I laugh talking
to you helic they are going to talk about more things
about Loc this Well I ask you have you
seen today's live and are you going to
react what's the debate about with the
girl who was supposedly my fan Oh
well I saw the click I posted on
Twitter that the girl says that I
defend the conversations as
if I were there or something like that she said
Sorry sorry sorry I didn't see That yes
the girl told you as if I
was defending the
conversations as if I had
been Which conversations is that no I do
n't have the context it's been an hour and a
half of chatting the ones on D the ones on WhatsApp
and that you defend That yes yes the girl
told you no she doesn't defend it as if she
were there like no daughter I
defend it I don't defend anything also what's
her perspective on that she
told me that she was a visiting friend that she was
involved in those issues with her past but I do
n't know okay well come on I'll
look at it tomorrow what do you want to ask me about that
no I didn't want to ask your opinion because I think it
was entertaining The chat
not without more opinion Not much more but there is
something in particular so it doesn't give me a
little thing also for Dani because I
understand that this was a  vaza
how to say well look if as I don't want to
make the call with him I do it with a
fan I try to humiliate her mock her I
make up the title of the thumbnail I
try to make her look bad I'm sure people
will start to believe me and it must have
been maybe a little pl that the kid to
take me tells me r I would like to talk to
you because I do not agree with
what you talk with and that he comes for an
hour and a half of laughter to say that everything she
said to him she did not take into
account that it does not seem true to
deny it and to say well that I
edited part and that she also recorded the
whole thing that she wants to upload it
curious is that I have not seen neither the one of dala
nor have I seen hers if you are lazy look at it
if you want I have edited that my
words that you have edited it I am like
to trust you know Well then look at yourself if I do
not see it I want to have the one But you
when you sit down if you sit down one day to
debate with Dallas whether in a call or
live what points do you have to
debate for example or dmo t Tell me
yourself  tell me you owe it to yourself here a
few today about him we have debated a
few points no but I say about him
or about you no no I say You with him already that's why I
ask you when you
ask me what are you going to debate that's what
makes it so funny to me that he wants me to
accept a debate when he doesn't even know
what the hell he wants to talk to me about I mean
you wouldn't have any points either well
I would have something to say to him Yes
the truth is yes I'll keep it to myself that you're
interested in the exclusive If that at some
point happens to you you're going to get fed up I
give you my word that you're going to get
fed up because to get out to scratch and to
debate there's a handful something else
is Honestly I don't know what he wants to
debate eh I don't know he's a bit annoying no
person because I know that he wants to kill me I
know because he's said it times but
beyond that I can't think of anything else
right But he told you to
meet in person and that you're going with eight
guards yes yes yes with a glass and
with all this but yes he also
said that if he had the  possibility
he wouldn't mind jail time as long as he could
take a life with his own hands
a person and considers a stalker
so there where he is a little bit
the double standard okay I mean you
have a real million and you believe that that
is literal I don't think he can do it
of course I think he's sick I
consider it yes Well then that's it I hope
that from batá I believe man of
course that is I know but I
ask you because maybe you do have the
answer of Well look He wants to
throw such and such in your face because then I
say hom if you go If you go with the subject of
contracts you are already bad I'm going to
ask you a question about the subject of
contracts okay eem come on Let's
get to it it's super Porto Sorry to
cut off today's series tomorrow and the day after it's about
that it's specifically about
contracts So if you want more
information about what I think about that you have it
there I brought enough and they are
short half an hour 20 minutes already but let's
see is that you in the edited videos for
example today's video was about a
girl who  no, what YouTube did is a
recording, this doesn't say it live, it's
a recording, it's a recording that in the
case that it is super amoral for a
person to make a
confidentiality agreement so that you don't tell their
intimacies, okay. In the case that it is
amoral, man, so that you don't tell their
intimacies, it doesn't seem to me that it is something
amoral, what you told me, I understand
that people do it. Yes, the context in which
they sign is different,
man. I think that the amoral thing can be
in the intention or the situation in which they
sign and it's
worth it, eh. And for example, the way to
put it in context, I already know what they're going to
tell me, but to put it in context, what
way would it be amoral, man, not making sure
that the person has read it or that they are
aware of what they are signing? It
seems very amoral to me if you are 30 years old, it seems like it to
me, okay, I mean, if you are 30
years old, you have to make sure that the
other person reads it. If the other person is 18, Yes,
for me, yes, for me, yes, if the other person is
18, make sure that you read, okay, damn, that they
confirm that it has been read.  or at
least sell it to them as such. Come on, let's
imagine that the other person, for whatever reason, there
are many pages, hasn't had
time to read it or doesn't want to
read them, okay, okay, and what would be the problem
that you find in that, not me, the
problem is that I don't have one signed
with Dalas, I don't know why I would want to get out
of something like that, but I understand that if a
person wanted to leave and couldn't, it's
like, [ __ ], if they're not untying you
from a contract, it must be for something
that interests them, right? But what
reason would a person have to
want to unty a contract that, I
know what, they read it in full and
say what the [ __ ], this wasn't the idea with which
I signed this [ __ ]? Well,
as long as it doesn't tell anything, not of what I've
done, intimacy, as long as it doesn't
tell anything, but [ __ ]. If a person,
Imagine that you have that signed, your
financial situation is [ __ ], and he says,
[ __ ] on the [ __ ] that says here. If
one day something is discovered, you imagine
Javi, that I caught you on the phone and in
a live show you put up a scene that  you can't
and you see a Chaco from WhatsApp
any accident he says Hey I'm
scared that this could happen, that it could
happen that the scene changes in the [ __ ]
obs and it can be seen that we are talking on md
and a private conversation is read, that
would be a data leak. Hey I want to get out of
here no no no no this is not going to stay like this you have to
take care of that I understand I
understand it too That's why I say that I
well I wouldn't even sign something like that of course
I would read it but in case there are
cases that have come to me
Well it would seem moral to me and that is what
you are asking that is why I
think that if it wasn't very obvious
you know but then the problem that you would
have is if it is a person who accidentally
breaches a clause, damn
what happens yes, because of an accident,
some [ __ ] is discovered or some
[ __ ] is seen that is like [ __ ] that maybe it
is not even super private if it
is I don't know what a [ __ ] dude
imagine a photo that he has sent or
some [ __ ] and that is seen in a
screenshot or in anything a reflection
any [ __ ] that is  power
to sue you asking you for money that you
don't have seems immoral to me, man, especially
when you see it, let's see. I'll tell you my
interpretation. I understand that if
a screen escapes you,
people who didn't have
the purpose and what is seen is not that big a deal. I understand that nobody is going to sue you with that and nobody is going to condemn you, but it is what you understand. I understand something else. I understand, I understand your point of course and in one with a
normal person and I feel like if this is something deo ha or
whatever, a person who generally has a
contract and does not have any
kind of thing or deas happened. In reference
to that, no leak or [ __ ], a
person who simply hired
supernormal people from TV, these whatever.
There I do understand that he says, well, to a
client until Nothing happens,
we agree, but it is, no, no, but
if it is not about what he
wanted to see, apart from Of course
I think that if it has escaped you
unintentionally and nothing has been seen, with
bad intentions. Of course, of course, normal would be
that he has you the same as saying no, no  I'm going to
report this. But what if that's not the case?
Legal proceedings also take
into account intentionality. I mean, it's not the
same as, for example, you and I who insult each other
very often. No, you and I can't
sue each other. Like, for example, this
lawsuit that was filed against me.
Why? Because you and I don't usually insult each other,
more or less it's reciprocal exactly,
so that's where the intentionality is. It's not
like, for example, you and I
insulted each other today and Oh, I'll [ __ ] you in two
months and to your face I start insulting you
and saying all kinds of nonsense.
So you can report me. Are you
understanding me? I mean, nothing, but people, I
think they wouldn't do it because it comes from a
background, you know, it comes from something that's already happened. I
understand what I mean by that,
if there's no bad intention behind it,
what is leaked does not violate privacy
because apart from something else, man, it's
not necessary either, the
confidentiality agreement as such eh so that
a person cannot tell that type of
thing, I mean because apart from the
confidentiality agreement, then there would be the
right to honor, I mean, of
course  and the revelation of Secret of
course all this is ahead clo
what I say is an accident you don't know
what is revealed a [ __ ] accident man
Well imagine you are sharing the
screen of an iPad or a mobile phone or
whatever in a live because you are playing
a game and a notification comes in that says I
want to [ __ ] you or something
like that That is serious it has been leaked and
people know what person this could happen to
and they know that the contracts exist
because Well yes 2017 leaked that good
yes there were updates because
now there are 50,000 not 10,000 But well eh
that obviously knowing I know that you maybe you
deny it to me because you have a
special affection for him or because you have a better
relationship with him Knowing how he is dala is
going to report it and it has been a [ __ ]
accident man it was a [ __ ]
notification that comes during a game
no no no I I know that it doesn't depend man Yes daa is
going to report that because that's how it is
man how do you say a person lets
something slip then he says Hey well deny it or say it
was a media or I know
anything and  so now I tell you that
those contracts are not made to
screw those contracts are made to be
safe you have read them they are made
to screw man those contracts damn the
lawyer himself Di said it the other day
that they are not the most the best he has seen
that the next one will be his but
what you interpret from what the
lawyer says is that the lawyer is saying that
the contracts are illegal the
lawyer on the contrary I said that it has a
loophole because he said so he said that there was a
loophole Yes but that it has a loophole does not
mean that it is legal but that it
can be improved I have not said that it is
legal what I mean is that if
something has a loophole it is because it is not
entirely right and something that is not entirely right
Generally it is a screwup but one
thing is that it is not entirely right one
thing is that it is illegal or that it is
harmful to it is that when you talk
about contracts it seems that you
only talk about contracts in one sense
But the thing is that the contract is a mirror you know
what that is yes man but it is that ad
daras what the [ __ ] is going to be interested in telling
that [ __ ] Well the same thing has to
inter look and apart and  apart from if dasas
wanted to disassociate himself from something like that do you
think he couldn't because of the type of
contract he has we're not going to see the
contract is for both people not one
person can another opinion What do you do I don't
understand the murky tint that you give it
when both have the same
conditions in the interest man is that the
personal factors we are not going to talk
about danas personally because no it is not worth it
now because it is not there but
in the personal factors of a life they
depend a lot on why you are interested or
not it bites certain Things you Look you know what
the problem is do you know why a
person who wants to disassociate themselves from a contract
like for example those who have written
to you because they have already breached it that they have already
breached it how clear they have
told you Oh no Of course if they have
told me fir they have breached it of
course well that is the interest
that they have is to disassociate themselves from the contract and
put it as the worst
and I have no they are not at all eh
related to wanting to expose anything
just live in peace okay but
that they have breached it  I think it's great
Jai if his identity is not known
why is he reporting on air I'll tell you
the peace of mind of those people At
least of the two that have written to me it is to
stay calm for not having
anything legal signed with this person
because he is a person that scares them
man that is the fear that it is not a
thing of I would love to tell I would
love to say it is not having a
[ __ ] panic I do not do it correctly This is not
the idea that I had in my head I am
[ __ ] I do not want this and that it is like well damn it is a
real [ __ ] it is
a [ __ ] because [ __ ] I think that
also legally I can understand my
of D the of because the [ __ ] they have defamed him
a lot of times and they have said a lot of
things about I understand that but
[ __ ] If you know the personal situation
of the people that I don't know because I don't
know conversations he has with the kid who
does [ __ ] I don't know if you know
the personal situation and you know or that it
could overwhelm them the pacha or that it could
overwhelm them I know man that his per is that
if I a confidentiality contract with you
I put you a
clause that hurts you I'm going Put a
clause that's 100 bucks I put one
that I know is going to hurt you and that you're going to
try one thing one thing that hurts and
another thing is something that ruins your life
no well don't break it but does
a clause that ruins your life seem okay to you
being with It seems okay to me again I
ask again because you're defending it for me
Ah well Well if you think it
screws up your life don't break it man would you
think it's okay If I asked you to
sign something with me and then you find out that it
says that he owes me a million euros would
you think it's okay to have signed that that he
won't let you leave say if nobody tells
anything that has been done in bed or in
the private sphere having a drink
Nothing happens and nobody owes money anything to
anyone I know I know No yes I have that Of
course but I understand the fear that
a super young girl can have that
any [ __ ] will be seen Because it can
happen In any way even if it has
never happened even if it hasn't
happened I understand that panic I
can understand man they are super young people
like if it were that  also sign
people of 30 because I understand that they have
more control over what is seen, what is not if they
make content is not worth it but a person
so young that it has not even been read
man okay But if they are panicked then it is
as simple as being careful not to tell
anyone no [ __ ] but what they are
afraid of Is that taking care of themselves
any [ __ ] [ __ ] could be leaked without wanting to man
but yes How come I do not understand your point, I mean tell me tell me
what can happen How does
a contract that you have signed
with someone harm you if yes you are not going to tell
anyone what is the problem that not that you
cannot pay it and it is not that it harms you
economically an amount but it
is not that you do not comply voluntarily, what is that
something happens man But how goes agur
something ri I have said it before several
times Imagine that a person who
does streams that changes a
scene once and a chat is seen on screen
this has happened to me man, I have been doing it for
six seven [ __ ] years if he has that fear or he
can already go delete all the
conversations that you have on
screen if I'm not mistaken I think it was to
you because I saw the capture I don't know which
streamer it was but I think it was yours
The other day you changed a scene and it was
seen in some folders that my computer had
with things named procedures and
things not on your desktop Imagine
that you had signed that that cannot be
seen and that was it can be seen you are also
pro of this you have also been
dedicating content for a long time and this can happen
an accident that occurs no matter how much you
are careful if it is a
private conversation that cannot be leaked because
I have a contract Well no I will not
have it on the computer even no I mean it is
the person's problem but
if you are not going to tell anyone and and
and you are careful not to leak those that I do not
understand your point really I mean
the only point occurs to me that they want to
fulfill it I understand and I understand
Obviously not knowing the
personal cases I understand precisely that it
is like this because the [ __ ] I understand it
seems logical but I say the only example that you
know how to give me is that due to clumsiness that
suddenly it is that by accident or dude a
[ __ ] hack is that the other day  I was
just doing the Axel
DEA series it looks like the kid when they hacked him Or
at least the testimony he told,
not that it's the same as how things are
because I already knew the guy said that they
saw everything, that they cloned
conversations, that they pretended to be
him, also writing to girls to
get him into trouble, that was his testimony,
I don't know what the truth is But damn
If that's how it is, it's because a [ __ ] hack can happen to you, because being hacked
today is cheap Honestly Then
the only thing all the mess you have with
the contracts, making them go and so on
is because of the fact that I know him
when I talk about these things, I who have to
do with delos, dude, no I mean it goes hand in
hand with you in your video Ho you have mentioned
delos that delos has published you have
promoted his thread and many times it is not that it
is the thread in which the
contract appears on Twitter Okay
then what you have with the contract
is in case someone accidentally
leaks something, it does not affect it In my
personal case, of the people  that I know that
if they have something signed the fear they
have is that something like that might happen yes
correct because it has no
intention to sting in anything mainly
because they are not public figures okay okay
or I mean I see it weak because of course the
tint that you were giving it until
recently was like you
know what but you know what the
thing is that if at some point
any [ __ ] [ __ ] happens the complaint will
be there it will be because I know how
and it will do it it will do it also the
people who have signed know that it
will do it they have no doubt that it will
do it and they do not care what type of relationship they may have had
or what they have
done it does not matter so of course person who
cannot pay something like that is
exposed to that [ __ ] [ __ ] it is
hardcore dude it seems very very unethical to me,
for example look it would be good if
a point of view was clarified
imagine the contract is undone but if
at some point you tell some [ __ ]
[ __ ] or it is seen publicly that you give
testimony of anything that
has happened during what has lasted
our relationship or the contract you have to
pay whatever it is but at least
if the  girl stay calm you know
the girls can stay calm okay
but at least I know that the contract
is out yes I'm attacked if
something is known outside but how do I know that vo
Man have more relationship with this guy What does it
matter now but I don't understand the
point I mean, let's go if you don't have
conversations on screen and you don't have
anything that can be TR What's the fear
because well Generally this I suppose
that if you know during the duration of
a contract contact is maintained with the
people who sign it no no when you
sign a confidentiality contract with
someone it is not to maintain a
personal relationship what you have seen in the clip
that you put today in your video that let's go it
seemed mind-blowing to me that you vaser in
those things let's see that you are not
tied to a person with whom you speak a
confidentiality contract the contract
is confidential not that he is his friend
yes no javir well Okay well that's it
also what I tell you is that I know
the profiles that have signed that and you will not
have it m Well I think that yes the
confidentiality contract if it is
confidential It is simply do not
tell anything per And no and you're right and
for example for a sexual relationship in
the TV well obviously Maybe it's just
Pacha Povo and that's it, they never see each other
outside but the contracts that
this person signs are maintained over time and they
are people with whom he is interested in
maintaining contact, a relationship, he is
interested I tell you first hand, he is
interested then [ __ ] Knowing that uh
ethical point is that we don't have to
talk too much because I have an eight eha
to the people la la the point
last week you were giving it a tint like it
was to abuse and that if he abused they
couldn't report now it
's simply for abuse but to abuse at
what point is abuse mentioned in the
debate you and I uh what tweeted I said was that
not what I told you or what you or
what you said Abi the word abuse like I
said that Dallas abuses
some girl no what we talked about was
that if Dallas abused them or
mistreated them then he couldn't report And that
was it I don't agree with that and if I
said it like I told you before it's not
correct it's not correct I didn't mean
that but I understand that with  an abuse or
a crime girls are afraid in case by
accident it happens Fil in case something happens
dude in case it happens Hey it's that [ __ ] but
that these things happen Even the order
of the day that Ja That there are a lot of people
every day and I understand that a
person who doesn't give you knowledge of
networks that people focus on you
Imagine that now a girl decides to
skip the contract a girl and
starts doing she makes a
Twitter account and starts making a thread to
tell that [ __ ] How then you say
No because this is that imagine they
hacked me But that's clear let's see I
understand and what I understand eh that
for me to sue a person for having
breached the rule I
also have to prove that they breached it Of course
but that's your that's your point of view of
Why report someone for what they
breach is your perspective of a guy who
considers you more Sensible than the other you will
give it has no reason to think what you
want but when it comes to trial he
has to prove that the other person
has broken the clause  Okay, it's a
slightly more obtuse case. But okay, I understand
your point. Don't worry, I understand what it is. That's how
I see that you
consider things above the law.
Like for example the other day when you
told me about the lawyer, no, I can't
tell the lawyer because he has a
clause. The law doesn't always govern judges and
lawyers. They go above
any contract.
Even people who are against me have told you that.
So, it's okay, you've
interpreted it wrong and you've made up a whole new
story. But the thing about
contracts is nonsense in the end. Well,
if you see it that way, I respect it. J okay,
hey, good night, no. Yes, good night
late, yes, yes, until next time. Come on,
good tour, UPS.